so I don't think I've ever done an
unboxing on here so I'll think today we
shield gonna be kind of hard keep one
hand on dirt dirt don't you see
addresses her these plastic I hate
plastic wonder these are possible
doesn't help that my knife is dollars
yeah you can get Simpson who is that
dance oh go knock it down
smile pretty for the camera booth oh my
gosh just tape the message from the
breeder yeah that's a to nuts to do that
dude dude oh she's way bigger than I
plan Oh yikes she's one shed theres a
river different stick come in emma is in
shed for a shoot I read the donation no
no can't focus on our good
yes Nero
excited to finally have a red donation
for douche there we go nice so there's
that and better go this way if I got
around the labeling all these this is
squeak new baby very mad baby little
enigma first sibling is right here who I
believe is in shed oh no this very mad
that is splice and just this morning I
had this one she is still nameless she
is a bell possibly cat radar she's very
very good me I do show you I don't know
if I showed you I here's mine for me
little normal very me a new baby I've
ever had I Bell het radar and though
there's still here tile is still for
sale so iphone still for so people keep
all buyer back out ha buyer well I don't
have the money ha but yes they're still
available she's 21 grams she's 15 now
they're still available the babies are
the only ones sign up there's dojo I'm
here to clean tubs to sew me
Google lots and lots of babies yeah so
there you go put off it kind of nothing
new other than this one you still need
to need um this is such a nice baby nice
tangerine